# Political Engagement Research

## Overview

Political Engagement Research is a project aimed at analyzing the engagement of Mayor Candidates in the São Paulo elections of 2024 on Instagram. This project involves scraping Instagram data from posts of the candidates, classifying the sentiment of the comments on these posts using Language Models (LLM), and generating an engagement score based on the number of likes and sentiment of comments for each candidate.

## Installation

To use this project, ensure you have Python installed on your system. Additionally, install the required dependencies using pip:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/uemajin/political_engagement_research.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd political_engagement_research
```

3. Set up and activate a virtual environment (optional but recommended):

```bash
python -m venv venv
```

For Windows:

```bash
venv\Scripts\activate
```

For macOS/Linux::

```bash
source venv/bin/activate
```

4. Install the required dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

5. Run the Jupyter notebook in the root directory to execute the main of the project.

## Project Structure

- notebooks/: Contains Jupyter notebooks for different stages of the project.
- src/: Contains source code files.
- data/: Placeholder for data files.
- results/: Placeholder for results generated by the project.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please open an issue to discuss the changes you'd like to make or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Contact

For any questions or feedback, feel free to reach out to the project owner:

Name: Jin Uema
Email: uemajin@outlook.com